27	Which statement best reflects Julia’s views toward rebellion?	Like Winston, Julia believes that rebellion will come from the proles.	Unlike Winston, Julia has no interest in rebellion.	Julia believes that an awareness of sex will lead to mass rebellion within the Party.	Julia believes that the Party is actually a good thing.	1
28	What does Winston tell Julia about his wife in Chapter 3?	That Winston once thought about pushing Julia over a cliff	That Winston truly loved Julia	That Winston feels responsible for Julia	That Winston and his wife were never really married.	0
29	What has prevented Julia and Winston from meeting more frequently?	Julia has started to see another man.	Winston’s superiors at the ministry have become suspicious of his activities.	Winston and Julia have been busy with preparations for Hate Week.	Winston is unsure of his feelings toward Julia.	2
142	Why does Kitty help D’Artagnan intercept Milady’s correspondence with the Comte de Wardes?	Kitty loves D’Artagnan	Kitty hates Milady	Kitty hates the Cardinal	Kitty likes all intrigue	0
146	What remains ambiguous to D’Artagnan after his brief meeting with Madame Bonacieux on the bridge?	Why D’Artagnan loves Madame Bonacieux	Whether Madame Bonacieux loves D’Artagnan	Whether Madame Bonacieux is safe	What side Madame Bonacieux supports	2
148	How does Milady attempt to kill D’Artagnan before the siege of La Rochelle?	Dispatches two assassins	Sends D’Artagnan poisoned wine	Sabotages D’Artagnan's armor	Answers A. and B.	3
225	What does Podrick reveal to Tyrion that he did to Mandon?	Exiled Mandon	Drowned Mandon	Hanged Mandon	Tortured Mandon	1
227	What does Luwin ask Osha to do for him in the godswood?	End Luwin's misery	Tend to Luwin's wounds	Avenge Luwin's death	Succeed Luwin's as maester	0
255	What advantage does Daenerys plan to use in order to retake her family’s throne?	Daenerys enormous army	Daenerys illustrious name	Daenerys dragons	Daenerys sway over men	2
324	What day is Hetty’s execution scheduled for?	Hetty’s wedding date	Easter Sunday	Hetty’s birthday	Christmas Eve	0
330	When Dinah is returning to Snowfield, how does she react when Adam says that he knows she will always do what is right?	Dinah laughs	Dinah prays	Dinah cries	Dinah kisses him	2
383	What happens when Robert reaches down Apron’s throat to pull out the object that’s suffocating her?	Robert successfully removes the object	Robert pushes the object deeper	Robert loses his arm	Apron drags Robert around	3
393	What does Robert want Ira and Haven to do with the badly wounded Hussy?	Abandon Hussy	Tend to Hussy's wounds	Put Hussy up for adoption	Kill Hussy	3
394	According to Haven, what should Pinky have had long ago?	Pinky's first heat	Pinky's spaying	Pinky's first birthday party	Pinky's vaccines	0
398	What does Haven tell Robert that the coming winter will be?	Extremely cold	Extremely long	Pinky’s last winter	Haven’s last winter	3
422	What does Haven do when Mr. Tanner offers Robert a piglet?	Nothing	Takes the piglet himself	Thanks Mr. Tanner profusely	Tries to decline the piglet	3
428	What are the Pecks rich in, according to Haven?	Love	Livestock	Money	What the Pecks need	3
435	What does Robert make the mistake of showing off after returning home from his last day of school?	Robert's final essay	Robert's scraped knee	Robert's report card	A candy Robert stole	2
437	What “remedy” does Aunt Matty propose for Robert’s “D” in English?	Pulling Robert out of school	Tutoring Robert personally	Buying Robert a notebook	Confiscating Robert’s bicycle	1
456	What does Jupiter promise Venus when she expresses concern about Aeneas?	Aeneas will be safe and his descendents will found the world's greatest empire.	Aeneas will have to find his own way to Italy from Carthage.	Aeneas will be the father of a great empire if he makes the correct sacrifices.	Aeneas will battle against Juno and emerge triumphant.	0
462	What does Aeneas do when he learns of Pallas's death?	Aeneas breaks down in tears and begs Jupiter to stop the battle.	Aeneas goes into a murderous rage and cuts down many of the Latins.	Aeneas challenges Turnus to single combat to avenge his friend.	Aeneas calls on Venus to turn the Latin soldiers into piles of dust.	1
471	What wound does Aeneas suffer as the battle begins?	Aeneas is stabbed in the arm by a spear.	Aeneas is shot in the leg with an arrow.	Aeneas is sliced across the chest by a sword.	Aeneas is hit in the face by a club.	1
481	What mistake does Aeneas's father make regarding Apollo's command?	Aeneas's father believes that Apollo is Juno in disguise.	Aeneas's father assumes Apollo is telling them to found a city in Greece.	Aeneas's father thinks they are supposed to go to Crete.	Aeneas's father interprets Apollo's orders as applying to him, not Aeneas.	2
482	What prophecy does the harpy make to Aeneas and his men?	Aeneas and his men will not found their city until they are so hungry that they eat their tables.	Aeneas and his men will not find a place to rest until they have killed the traitor in their midst.	Aeneas and his men will not make it to Italy until seven of them are sacrificed to the gods.	Aeneas and his men will not start their empire until they have suffered at Dido's hands.	0
484	Why does Dido have mixed feelings about her love for Aeneas?	Dido knows that he wants to take over her kingdom.	Dido fears that the gods will take him away.	Dido has sworn to never marry again.	Dido is also in love with Anchises.	2
485	Why does Juno want Aeneas and Dido to get together?	Juno promised Dido a great love.	Juno hopes to bring peace to the region.	Juno wants to cause the fall of Carthage.	Juno thinks it will hinder Aeneas's quest.	3
486	What rumors begin to spread about Aeneas and Dido?	Aeneas and Dido have given up their duties for lust.	Aeneas and Dido are plotting to attack Italy.	Aeneas and Dido have teamed up to invade Greece.	Aeneas and Dido are actually brother and sister.	0
491	Whom does Aeneas leave behind in Sicily?	The men in Aeneas' band who have fallen in love with Sicilian women	The Trojan women who joined in the burning of the ships	The oldest, weakest, and most unwilling members of Aeneas' party	The fastest, strongest, and most daring members of Aeneas' group	2
495	How does Aeneas find the tree with the golden bough?	A golden ram shows Aeneas the way.	A pair of doves lead Aeneas to tree with the golden bough.	Aeneas follows a trickle of blood.	Aeneas cuts down all of the other trees.	1
500	What is the significance of the Trojans' meal of bread and fruit?	the Trojans do not offer any to the poor, angering Jupiter.	the Trojans eat their tables, as the harpy predicted.	the Trojans consume parts of Carthage in Italy, as Apollo commanded.	the Trojans pluck the fruit from the trees of Latinus, waking the hydra.	1
501	What does Latinus offer Aeneas in addition to land?	Latinus' daughter	Latinus' orchards	Latinus' army	Latinus' treasury	0
503	How does Ascanius inadvertently start the war?	Ascanius seduces a woman who turns out to be Turnus's sister in disguise.	Ascanius cuts down a tree that Latinus had set aside as sacred.	Ascanius shoots a favorite stag of Latinus's herdsman.	Ascanius fishes in Tibernius's sacred river.	2
555	What aspect of the narrator’s writing process fascinates the native boys?	the narrator’s fountainpen	the narrator’s roll-top desk	the narrator’s typewriter	the narrator’s leather notebooks	2
558	When Lulu doesn’t visit for over a week, what does Farah explain has happened to her?	Hunters shot Lulu	Lulu migrated south	Lulu broke her leg	Lulu got married	3
564	What does Jogona do with the account of his testimony that the narrator types up?	Jogona buries the account of his testimony that the narrator types up	Jogona carries the account of his testimony that the narrator types up in a pouch	Frames the account of his testimony that the narrator types up	Jogona puts the account of his testimony that the narrator types up under his pillow	1
571	What do the Somali women find shocking about European marriages?	Spouses share a bed	European marriages are held publicly	There’s no bride price in European marriages	European marriages require a minister	2
614	What does Agamemnon rebuke his wife for?	Spending too much money	Ordering the carpet	Cheating on Agamemnon	Sending Agamemnon and his wife's son away	1
636	According to gossip, Ellen Olenska left her husband because he was ___.	Gay	An alcoholic	A gambler	Unfaithful to Ellen Olenska	3
641	After meeting Ellen at the train station, Archer briefly, morbidly imagines that he might escape his stifling marriage ___.	If May dies young	By killing May	By killing himself	By joining the Army	0
648	Why does Archer persuade May to leave the opera early?	Archer wants to confess	Archer feels ill	Archer hates the music	Archer sees Ellen	0
652	Later in Archer’s life, who surprises him by asking if he was ever in love with Ellen Olenska?	Archer’s son	Archer’s sister	Archer’s servant	Ned Winsett	0
10606	Why does Gregor’s mother pass out when she enters Gregor’s room and sees him?	Gregor's eating garbage	Gregor's transformed back	Gregor's on the wall	Gregor hugs his mother	2
10607	Why is Gregor’s mobility limited at the beginning of Part 3?	Gregor’s in a cage	Gregor’s in the closet	Gregor’s injured	Gregor’s drunk	2
10617	When George tries not to let Lennie talk to the boss, why is the boss suspicious?	the boss worries that George might be taking advantage of Lennie.	Because Lennie seems violent and crazy	the boss thinks Lennie is making fun of him.	the boss suspects George and Lennie are planning to rob him.	0
10662	With an enormous debt hanging over his head, Lydgate tells Rosamond that they must ___.	Move somewhere smaller	Divorce	Sell Rosamond's jewelry	Borrow from Rosamond's father	0
10750	In Dacca, what does Parvati ask Shiva for?	Directions	A bag of marbles	Shiva's birth certificate	A lock of hair	3
10785	Who does Saleem claim is speaking to him telepathically?	Saleem's birthmother	Mary	Angels	Brass Monkey	2
10789	What does Padma try to cure with herbs?	Saleem’s blindness	Saleem’s impotence	Saleem’s loss of appetite	Saleem’s sore throat	1
10826	When James attacks Leonard, what does he grab him by?	Leonard's torso	Leonard's Adam’s apple	Leonard's hair	Leonard's elbow	1
10844	Who does James sit with at dinner after meeting with his parents?	Miles, Lilly	No one	Hank, Leonard	James' parents	1
10930	What does Philip tell Maggie that he likes, prompting her to kiss him?	Maggie's smile	Maggie's hair	Maggie's eyes	Maggie's laugh	2
10932	What did Mr. Tulliver use as collateral for the loan he took from one of Wakem’s clients?	The mill	The family furniture	Mr. Tulliver's horse	The family cottage	1
11486	What is exceptional about the slave Rider?	Rider's social status	Rider's incredible wealth	Rider's great intelligence	Rider's size and strength	3
11487	Why is Rider incredibly depressed and moody throughout the story?	Rider broke his arm	Rider's aunt abandoned him	Rider's young wife died	Rider's owners are morally bankrupt	2
11489	What does Rider do when he is put in jail?	Rider Digs an escape hole	 Rider Resignedly sobs	Rider Rips cell door off	Rider Kills sheriff and deputies	2
11496	Why is hunting Old Ben such a challenge at the beginning of the story?	Old Ben is amazingly fast	Old Ben is incredibly stealthy	The men fear Old Ben	The hounds fear Old Ben	3
11497	How does Boon Hogganbeck eventually kill Old Ben?	Slits Old Ben's throat	Traps Old Ben	Shoots Old Ben	Tricks Old Ben	0
11500	In reference to what does Boon Hogganbeck yell, “They’re mine!” at the end of the story?	The squirrels surrounding Boon Hogganbeck	Guns that Boon Hogganbeck is fixing	Gold coins Boon Hogganbeck found	Boon Hogganbeck's newborn sons	0
11503	For what purpose does Carothers give Isaac an envelope?	Apologize for killing doe	Reveal Carothers's secret identity	Pay off Carothers’s lover	Threaten Isaac discreetly	2
11504	How does Isaac react to Carothers giving him the envelope?	Isaac loudly berates him	Isaac is silently disappointed	Isaac seems completely indifferent	Isaac becomes overjoyed	0
11508	What does Mollie Beauchamp repeatedly say Carothers Edmonds has done to her son?	Locked Mollie's son in prison	Framed Mollie's son for murder	Sold Mollie's son to Egypt	Beat Mollie's son viciously	2
11509	According to Gavin Stevens, why will Beauchamp’s son be executed?	Beauchamp’s son stole money	Beauchamp’s son killed a police officer	Beauchamp’s son ran from the plantation	Beauchamp’s son murdered Carothers Edmonds	1
11528	What happens when Sara begins to question Brian on the stand?	Sara notices new traits, which she doesn't like or respect.	Sara begins, then refuses to continue, evoking judicial precedent.	Sara notices all of the qualities that made her fall in love with Brian.	She thinks that Brian has grown less handsome and intelligent over the years.	2
11529	What does Sara finally ask Brian?	Why Brian favors Anna	Why Brian spends so much time looking at the night sky	When Brian is coming home	When they can get divorced	2
11530	When Sara tells Brian that they're going to lose "her," to which daughter is she referring?	Sara is referring to both daughters.	Sara isn't sure which daughter she means.	Anna	Kate	1
11531	How does Julia compare Campbell to Anna?	She thinks Campbell and Anna are both survivors of troubled families.	She thinks Campbell and Anna are both stubborn and selfish.	She thinks Campbell and Anna are both cowards.	She thinks Campbell and Anna are both impudent and hard-hearted.	2
11534	How does Campbell respond when his dog begins acting up?	Campbell ignores the dog.	Campbell gives the dog a biscuit.	Campbell asks an officer of the court to take the dog outside.	Campbell surreptitiously kicks the dog.	0
11538	Why did Campbell break up with Julia when they were in high school?	Because Campbell was ashamed of his seizures	Because Campbell and Julia got into a car accident	Because Campbell didn't want Julia to have to deal with his condition	Because Campbell didn't really love Julia	2
11539	How does Anna respond when Campbell asks if she's willing to take an action that could kill Kate?	Anna breaks down, tearing her hair and wailing.	Anna says she's willing, even though she knows she"ll feel guilty.	Anna says she's willing, because she knows Kate wants her to.	Anna breaks down, saying that she only wanted to punish Sara.	2
11542	Why does Jesse want to get struck by lightning?	To commit suicide	To feel alive	To make Jesse's parents sad	To get attention	1
11543	What does Brian remember about the night of Anna's birth?	That Brian saw Andromeda	That Brian counted four shooting stars	That there were no stars	That Brian and Sara wished for a boy	2
11565	While pregnant, how does Sara think of Anna, her unborn daughter?	As a ray of light and source of joy	As a constant source of pleasure	As a means of holding Sara's family together	As a way to save Kate	3
11584	Why does Kate clean her room before leaving the house?	In case Anna wants to sleep there	In case Sara has guests	To prevent Kate's parents from snooping	In case Kate doesn't come back	3
11587	Why does Jesse walk into traffic?	To get noticed	To see if Jesse's really invisible	To anger Jesse's parents	To kill himself	0
11607	Why does Zeus kill Apollo’s son, Aesculapius?	Aesculapius stole from Zeus	Aesculapius revived the dead	Aesculapius betrayed Apollo	Aesculapius insulted Zeus	1